Exclude transient fields (#363)
realm/realm-kotlin: CHANGELOG.md

* None.

### Enhancements

> * Add support for excluding properties annotated with `@Ignore` or `@Transient` from an Object schema. Fixes [#278](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/278).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for excluding properties from the Realm schema. This is done by either using JVM `@Transient` or the newly added `@io.realm.kotlin.Ignore` annotation. (Issue [#278](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/278)).
```

> * Add support for excluding properties from an Object schema. The properties excluded are constants or properties annotated with `@Ignore` or `@Transient`. Fixes [#278](https://github.com/realm/realm-kotlin/issues/278).

Reviewer: Not sure excluding `val`'s is a great idea. E.g. right now we are considering if primary keys should be marked `val` as they are read-only. And "proper" constants are already ignored in companion objects. 

Any strong reason to ignore them?
